Updates for Let's Encrypt SSL/TLS certs (#7822)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.md

### TLS and Fastly {#fastly-tls}

> To enable the Fastly service to serve secure traffic over HTTPS, your environment must have a Domain-Validated SSL/TLS certificate, Magento provides an automated process to validate domain ownership, provision a Let's Encyrpt SSL/TLS certificate, and apply it to your Cloud environment. This automation requires you to supply information to enable domain validation using **one** of the following methods:

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the Fastly service to serve secure traffic over HTTPS, your environment must have a Domain-Validated SSL/TLS certificate. Magento provides an automated process to validate domain ownership, provision a Let's Encyrpt SSL/TLS certificate, and apply it to your Cloud environment. This automation requires you to supply information to enable domain validation using **one** of the following methods:
```

-  **DNS validation**–Update your DNS configuration with CNAME records that point to the Fastly service
-  **ACME challenge CNAME records**–Add the ACME challenge CNAME records to your DNS configuration for each domain

> As soon as the domains are validated for an environment, Magento provisions the Let's Encrypt TLS/SSL certificate, and applies it to your Cloud environment. The process can take several hours. We recommend that you complete the DNS configuration updates several days in advance to prevent delays in site development and site launch.

Reviewer: When you say applies it to your Cloud environment, do you meant the Project or a specific environment, like Production?

> As soon as the domains are validated for an environment, Magento provisions the Let's Encrypt TLS/SSL certificate, and applies it to your Cloud environment. The process can take several hours. We recommend that you complete the DNS configuration updates several days in advance to prevent delays in site development and site launch.

Author: ```suggestion
As soon as the domains are validated, Magento provisions the Let's Encrypt TLS/SSL certificate, and applies it to the Staging or Production environment. Each environment has one certificate for all domains and subdomains in that environment. The process can take several hours. We recommend that you complete the DNS configuration updates several days in advance to prevent delays in site development and site launch.
```
